docs: Initial version of stakeholder requirements (#103)
eclipse-score/score: docs/requirements/stakeholder/index.rst

> Stakeholder Requirements

Reviewer: Is Stakeholder still the right wording. I think we had that point already. Another thing would be to have a description not only a headline would be great

Author: I missed this discussion but would be open to change the wording here. Any suggestions?

========================

Overall goals
-------------

.. stkh_req:: Reuse of application software via managed APIs
   :id: STKH_REQ__20
   :reqtype: Non-Functional
   :security: NO
   :safety: QM
   :rationale: This is a usability constraint needed for long maintenance support
   :status: valid

   The platform shall enable the reuse of application software via a set of managed APIs.
   These APIs shall be developed via a well-defined life-cycle ensuring
   non-breaking changes.

.. stkh_req:: Enable cooperation via standardized APIs
    :id: STKH_REQ__30
    :reqtype: Non-Functional
    :security: NO
    :safety: QM
    :rationale: To enable cooperation with other cooperation partners.
    :status: valid

>     The software platform shall be based on open and/or standardized APIs.

Reviewer: what does that mean in context of open source?

>     The software platform shall be based on open and/or standardized APIs.

Author: ```suggestion
    The software platform shall where possible be based on existing standards (e.g. network protocols).
```

.. stkh_req:: Variant management
    :id: STKH_REQ__60
    :reqtype: Functional
    :security: NO
    :safety: QM
    :rationale: tbd
    :status: valid

>     The software platform shall provide variant management support.

Reviewer: makes no sense in context of open source

Author: Here I do not agree. The solution will be used in many different variants or configurations be it different hardware, different bus systems, different application sets etc.  Somehow this has to be supported.

Reviewer: Still I do not understand what a stakeholder is. We have project leads, committers and collaborators in Eclipse Projects. There is no other role.

    Variant management support shall enable users to ensure the
    compatibility of application software across vehicle variants and vehicle
    software releases.

.. stkh_req:: IP protection
   :id: STKH_REQ__50
   :reqtype: Non-Functional
   :security: NO
   :safety: QM
   :rationale: tbd
   :status: valid

>    The software platform shall support cooperation models, where partners do not

Reviewer: same here what does that mean?

Author: There might be projects where the sw platform is hosting closed source applications.

   :reqtype: Functional
   :security: NO
   :safety: QM
   :rationale: ECUs need to interact with each other. There are multiple protocols today and more to come in the future.
   :status: valid

   The platform shall support external communication via well established protocols e.g. Zenoh, DDS.

.. stkh_req:: Safe Communication
   :id: STKH_REQ__6
   :reqtype: Functional
   :security: NO
   :safety: ASIL_D
   :rationale: Distributed safe systems often require communication to be safe.
   :status: valid

   The platform shall support safe communication.

.. stkh_req:: Secure Communication
   :id: STKH_REQ__7
   :reqtype: Functional
   :security: YES
   :safety: QM
   :rationale: Distributed secure systems often require secure communication.
   :status: valid

   The platform shall support secure communication.

.. stkh_req:: Supported network protocols
   :id: STKH_REQ__160
   :reqtype: Functional
   :security: NO
   :safety: QM
   :rationale: tbd
   :status: valid

   The software platform shall support the following automotive network
   protocols

   * SOME/IP
   * DDS
   * UWB including Driver for UWB Peripheral
   * SPI (+ CSC ADI & Texas Instruments chipset support)

>    * Vehicle to Grid + ISO Charge protocols

Reviewer: Is that really in scope?

Author: On the long-term. Why not?
